Add KeyInputPre autocmd (#15182)
vim/vim: runtime/doc/autocmd.txt

							*InsertLeave*
InsertLeave			Just after leaving Insert mode.  Also when
				using CTRL-O |i_CTRL-O|.  But not for |i_CTRL-C|.
							*KeyInputPre*

> KeyInputPre			When a key is typed. The pattern is

Reviewer: I don't think "typed" is an accurate description of when this event is triggered. This is triggered before a key is processed, and the key may come from a mapping (which is not a typed key).

Author: Fixed.

> 				matched against `'current_mode'`.

Reviewer: Why is `current_mode` quoted?

Reviewer 2: Something like this?
```suggestion
				matched against a string that indicates the
				current mode, which is the same as that is
				returned by `mode(1)`.
```
(Sorry if my English is not correct.)

Reviewer: It may be better to use `mode(1)` here to be more accurate, otherwise it seems OK.

Reviewer 2: Updated.

Author: Fixed.

							*InsertLeave*
InsertLeave			Just after leaving Insert mode.  Also when
				using CTRL-O |i_CTRL-O|.  But not for |i_CTRL-C|.
							*KeyInputPre*
KeyInputPre			Just before a key is processed. The pattern is
				matched against a string that indicates the
				current mode, which is the same as that is
				returned by `mode(1)`.
				The |v:char| variable indicates the key typed
				and can be changed during the event to input

> 				a different key.  When |v:char| is not single
> 				character or one special key, it is the fist
> 				character is used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
				a different key.  When |v:char| is not a
				single character or one special key, the first
				character is used.
```
